Add quickstarts for the catalog connectors (#133)
spiceai/quickstarts: catalogs/databricks/README.md

# Databricks Unity Catalog Connector

> The Databricks Unity Catalog Connector allows you to connect to your tables in a Databricks Unity Catalog and query them using Spice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Databricks Unity Catalog Connector makes querying Databricks Unity Catalog tables in Spice simple.
```

Visit the documentation for more information configuring the [Databricks Unity Catalog Connector](https://docs.spiceai.org/components/catalogs/databricks).

## Step 4. Login to Databricks with `spice login`

Using the Spice CLI, set the credentials needed to connect to Databricks.

### Using Spark Connect
`spice login databricks --token <access-token>`

### Using Delta Lake directly against AWS S3
`spice login databricks --token <access-token> --aws-region <aws-region> --aws-access-key-id <aws-access-key-id> --aws-secret-access-key <aws-secret-access-key>`

### Using Delta Lake directly against Azure Blob Storage
`spice login databricks --token <access-token> --azure-storage-account-name <account-name> --azure-storage-access-key <access-key>`

### Using Delta Lake directly against Google Cloud Storage
`spice login databricks --token <access-token> --google-service-account-path /path/to/service-account.json`

## Step 5. Start the Spice runtime

```bash
spice run
```

## Step 6. Query a dataset

```bash
spice sql
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM db_uc.<SCHEMA_NAME>.<TABLE_NAME> LIMIT 10;

> ```

Reviewer: Add example output.

Author: Added

# Databricks Unity Catalog Connector

The Databricks Unity Catalog Connector makes querying Databricks Unity Catalog tables in Spice simple.

## Prerequisites

> - A Databricks account with a Unity Catalog configured with 1+ tables. (see the [Databricks documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/en/data-governance/unity-catalog/index.html) for more information).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A Databricks account with a Unity Catalog configured with 1 or more tables. (see the [Databricks documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/en/data-governance/unity-catalog/index.html) for more information).
```

- Spice is installed (see the [Getting Started](https://docs.spiceai.org/getting-started) documentation).

## Step 1. Create a Databricks API token

Create a Databricks personal access token by following the [Databricks documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/auth/index.html).

## Step 2. Create a new directory and initialize a Spicepod

```bash
mkdir databricks-catalog-demo
cd databricks-catalog-demo
spice init
```

## Step 3. Add the Databricks Unity Catalog Connector to `spicepod.yaml`

Add the following configuration to your `spicepod.yaml`:

```yaml
catalogs:
  - name: databricks:<CATALOG_NAME>
    from: db_uc
    params:
      endpoint: <instance-id>.cloud.databricks.com
      mode: spark_connect # or delta_lake

>       databricks_cluster_id: 0711-151224-1rh2uz8m

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      databricks_cluster_id: <cluster-id>
```
